Update Puppet guide for OpenVox (#4766)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-project-host-manually.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-project-host-manually"]
= Configuring OpenVox agent on a {Project} host manually

[role="_abstract"]
On {Project} hosts that are already registered, you can install and configure the OpenVox agent manually.
A configured OpenVox agent is required on the host for Puppet integration with your {Project}.

.Prerequisites
* The host must have a Puppet environment assigned to it.
ifdef::satellite[]
+
include::snip_prerequisite-project-client-repository-enabled.adoc[]

> * The satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-8 or satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-9 repository is enabled on the host, available in the content view and the lifecycle environment of the host, and enabled for the host.

Reviewer: Same note again about the exact names

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-project-host-manually"]

> = Configuring OpenVox agent on a {Project} host manually

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[id="configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-host-manually"]
= Configuring OpenVox agent on a host manually
```

same as above.

[role="_abstract"]
On {Project} hosts that are already registered, you can install and configure the OpenVox agent manually.
A configured OpenVox agent is required on the host for Puppet integration with your {Project}.

.Prerequisites
* The host must have a Puppet environment assigned to it.
ifdef::satellite[]
+

> include::snip_prerequisite-project-client-repository-enabled.adoc[]

Reviewer: Previously the client repository provided the package, but if you're going to sync the `{project-client-name} OpenVox` repo then you don't need the regular client repo so I think it can be dropped as a prerequisite.
```suggestion
```

* {project-client-name} OpenVox repository is synchronized on {ProjectServer}, available in the content view and the lifecycle environment of the host, and enabled for the host.
Choose from the following repositories based on the operating system version and the architecture of the host:
** satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-8-aarch64-rpms
** satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-8-ppc64le-rpms
** satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-8-x86_64-rpms

> ** satellite-client-openvox-for-rhel-9-x86_64-rpms

Reviewer: I don't like the duplication of very concrete information that is subject to change. If you're not going to use attributes, does a snippet at least make sense? Otherwise it can go out of sync with `guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-openvox-agent-on-a-project-host-during-host-registration.adoc`.

Author: Oh right, I forgot. Yes, this is a good use case for a snippet. Added.

----
# {client-package-install-el8} puppet-agent
----

> #This command works for both OpenVox agent and Puppet agent.#

Author: Based on whether the host contains packages for puppet or openvox. The command remains the same for both.

----
# {client-package-install-el7} puppet-agent
----
+
[NOTE]
====

> The `openvox-agent` package, included in the OpenVox repository, provides the `puppet-agent` command, which is used to install the OpenVox agent.

Reviewer: The "which is used to" part of the sentence is a bit confusing to me. Would this help to explain why we do this?
```suggestion
The `openvox-agent` package, included in the OpenVox repository, provides the `puppet-agent` command.
This is used for maximum compatibility.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, maybe

````diff
-This is used for maximum compatibility.
+This ensures compatibility of Puppet commands with OpenVox agents.
````

Reviewer: Taking a step back: the goal is that you can also use the procedure with the old Puppet 7 agents.

The alternative is to say `dnf install openvox-agent` with a note after to use `dnf install puppet-agent` if you still use the old packages.

Author: @ekohl This procedure is for configuring a new OpenVox agent so I don't think the Puppet 7 agent scenario applies here. So perhaps it's better to just do s/dnf install puppet-agent/dnf install openvox-agent? Can you please re-review this part @ekohl?
